Q1. Define the terms :

1. Website :: 

Website is a collection of web resources like webpage, multimedia content(audio,video,animation),which is identified by domain name 
and located at web server. 
Like www.google.com
website may be static or dynamic.
Thesw pages are written in html and can be accessed via internet.
A website is hosted on a web server on the world wide web(www).


2. Webpage ::

Webpage is a digital page which may contain text,hyperlink,videos,audios,images,tables etc.
A first page of any website is called homepage.
It is commonly written by using html and is stored on a web server.
Each webpage is identified by a unique web addresss called Uniform Resource Locator(URL).

Needs of create Webpage::
-> page Title
-> The header area
-> The navigation menu
-> content area
-> footer

3. Web server ::
Web server is a main computer service which may fullfill the request of other computer.
web server is a computer that stores websites on the internet and delivers web pages to viewers upon request.
A web server is also called www server.

web servers are generally programs or software that wait for requests from the web browser.
In technical terms,we can say that they handle HTTP (hyper text transfer protocl).

4. Web browser ::
A web browser is an application for accessing websites. When a user requests a web page from a particular website, the browser retrieves its files from a web server and then displays the page on the user's screen.

The main function is to retrieve information from the World Wide Web and making it available for users
Visiting any website can be done using a web browser. When a URL is entered in a browser, the web server takes us to that website

EX :: Internet explorer , google chrome , mozilla etc...

5. HTML ::
HTML (HyperText Markup Language).
That is used to structure a web page and its content.

Hyper text :: Text used to link a web page.

markup:: It means highlighting text either by underlining or displaying it in different colors or both.

language::It refers to the way of communication between web pages,which has it's own syntax and rules.

example ::
<html>
  <head>
    <title>Example</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Welcome To HTML</h2>
  </body>
</html>


6. CSS ::
CSS Stands for Cascading Style Sheets.
CSS used for specifying the presentation and styling of a document written in a markup language such as HTML or XML.
CSS can be used for very basic document text styling — for example, for changing the color and size of headings and links.CSS is easy to understand but provides strong control on the Html documents.
CSS is combined with HTML.

example::
<html>  
<head>  
<style>  
body {  
  background-color:  lightblue;  
}  
</style>  
</head>  
<body>  
<h1>My First CSS Example</h1>  
<p>This is a paragraph.</p>  
</body>  
</html>  